# Decor-Dynamo
1. Dynamo is a word that we commonly use to describe someone or something full of energy and creativity and ability to get things done . “ Decor Dynamo” suggests that it is a dynamic and powerful force in the realm of home decor and hence the name itself says that the website is a go-to destination for the individuals seeking stylish and impactful home decor solutions. Decor Dynamo is an e-commerce website for buying and selling goods over the internet.
2. Electronic Commerce usually refers to buying and selling of goods over the internet.The e-commerce includes the entire online process of developing, marketing, selling, delivering, servicing and paying for products as well as services. One main feature to talk about in e-commerce is its Shopping Cart feature that is used in assisting people who are purchasing products online. Over the years we see that the amount of trade that is conducted electronically has been growing unconditionally with the widespread use of Internet usage.
3. The proposed system will enable customers to buy and sell products or goods online over the internet and also ensures customers to shop 24 hours a day, all year round from any location. When purchasing goods online the user can choose different products based on category which covers the disadvantage of the existing system and also makes bing easier.
4. The main aim of Decor Dynamo is to enable customers to buy a wide range of products by viewing their images before buying them. This web application has a seller component for adding various products and categories to the website and also a user component where users can login and browse the different products that are available and add them to cart when deciding to buy them.
